fix(core/menu): fix order of bottom menu items (#1978)
siemens/ix: .changeset/yellow-parents-design.md

---
"@siemens/ix": patch
---

> Fixed menu entry positioning in the bottom section of the main menu to ensure "Settings" appears first and "About and legal information" appears last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix order of bottom menu items in __ix-menu__. Now "Settings" appears first and "About and legal information" appears last.
```
